[SharePoint] Documentation for SharePoint connector (#580)
elastic/connectors-python: docs/DEVELOPING.md

### Usage

To use this connector as a **connector client**, use the **build a connector** workflow. See [Connector clients and frameworks](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/build-connector.html).

For additional operations, see [Usage](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/master/connectors-usage.html).

### Configuring the SharePoint Online Connector:
  You must configure the SharePoint connector before connecting the SharePoint Online service to Elastic Search. For this you must create an **OAuth App** in the SharePoint Online platform.

  To get started, first log in to SharePoint Online and access your administrative dashboard.
   
   **Note:** Ensure you are logged in as the Azure Portal **service account**.
  - Sign in to https://portal.azure.com/ and click on **Azure Active Directory**
  - Locate **App Registrations** and Click **New Registration**.
  - Give your app a name - like "Elastic  Search" - and make it multitenant.
    

>     **Note:** Setting the app to single tenant will result in a degraded experience, and the connector will not sync content.

Author: Yes, correct I also tried with single tenant and it looks working fine. In that case I think we don't need to mention it here as the only difference between these two are: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/single-and-multi-tenant-apps

    
    Leave the Redirect URIs blank for now.
  - Register the application
  - Retrieve and keep the **Client ID** and **Tenant ID** handy - we'll need it within Elastic Search.
  - Locate the **Client Secret** by navigating to **Certificates & Secrets**

>   - Pick a name for your client secret (for example, Elastic Search). Select 24 months as the expiration date

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Pick a name for your client secret (for example, Elastic Search). Select an expiration date. (Note: at the end of this expiration date, you will need to generate a new secret and update your connector configuration with it.)
```

    ```
    User.Read
    ```
  - Finally, **Grant admin consent**.

    Use the Grant Admin Consent link from the permissions screen.
  - At last also save the tenant name (i.e. Domain name) of Azure platform

### SharePoint Online permissions required to run the connector:

   Refer to the following documentation for setting [SharePoint Permissions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/solution-guidance/security-apponly-azureacs)

   - To set `DisableCustomAppAuthentication` to false we need to connect to SharePoint using Windows PowerShell and run set-spotenant -DisableCustomAppAuthentication $false
   - To assign full permissions to the tenant in SharePoint Online, in your browser, go to the tenant URL. For example, go to `https://<office_365_admin_tenant_URL>/_layouts/15/appinv.aspx` such as `https://contoso-admin.sharepoint.com/_layouts/15/appinv.aspx`. The SharePoint admin center page appears.
       - In the App ID box, enter the application ID that you recorded earlier, and then click Lookup. In the Title box, the name of the application appears.

>        - In the App Domain box, type tenantname.onmicrosoft.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       - In the App Domain box, type <tenant_name>.onmicrosoft.com
```

  Both SharePoint Online and SharePoint server are supported by the connector.

  For SharePoint server, below mentioned versions are compatible with Elastic connector frameworks:
  - SharePoint 2013
  - SharePoint 2016
  - SharePoint 2019

### Configuration

The following configuration fields need to be provided for setting up the connector:

##### `data_source`

Determines the SharePoint platform type. `SHAREPOINT_ONLINE` if SharePoint cloud and `SHAREPOINT_SERVER` if SharePoint Server.

##### `username`

The username of the account for SharePoint Server.

**Note:** `username` is not needed for SharePoint Online.

##### `password`

The password of the account to be used for the SharePoint Server.

**Note:** `password` is not needed for SharePoint Online.

##### `client_id`

The client id to authenticate with SharePoint Online.

##### `client_secret`

The secret value to authenticate with SharePoint Online.

##### `tenant`

The tenant name to authenticate with SharePoint Online.

##### `tenant_id`

The tenant id to authenticate with SharePoint Online.

##### `host_url`

The server host url where the SharePoint is hosted. Examples:

  - `https://192.158.1.38:8080`

>   - `https://test_user.sharepoint.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `https://<tenant_name>.sharepoint.com`
```

> ##### `site_collections`

Reviewer: Is there a syntax for "all"? I tried `""` and `*` and neither worked. If this is possible, we should document it here.

Author: No, currently we don't have any option for all.

ℹ️ The e2e test uses default values defined in [Configure Microsoft SQL connector](#configure-microsoft-sql-connector)

## SharePoint Connector

The [Elastic SharePoint connector](../connectors/sources/sharepoint.py) is provided in the Elastic connectors python framework and can be used via [build a connector](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html).

### Availability and prerequisites

⚠️ _Currently, this connector is available in **beta** starting in 8.8_.
Features in beta are subject to change and are not covered by the service level agreement (SLA) of features that have reached general availability (GA).

> Elastic versions 8.6.0+ are compatible with Elastic connector frameworks. Your deployment must include the Elasticsearch, Kibana, and Enterprise Search services.

Reviewer: I don't think this is accurate now, as the Rich Configurable Fields that will be part of sharepoint online require a kibana version of 8.8.0+

### Compatibility

  Sharepoint Connector supports below Sharepoint Server versions:
  - Sharepoint 2013
  - Sharepoint 2016
  - Sharepoint 2019

### Create an Administrator Account For SharePoint Online:

>   - To create an administrator account, join the Microsoft 365 Developer Program and get the Microsoft 365 developer subscription with a new administrator account for 90 days. Use this administrator account for signing into SharePoint Online and Azure AD to fetch more details.

Reviewer: These instructions are for developers/testers or someone just playing. Typically, our docs should be targetted at production users. We shouldn't be referencing 90 day trials or Developer Programs - these should give official instructions.

  - Register your app with Microsoft Azure AD

>   - To use the Microsoft identity platform endpoint, you must register your app using the Azure app registration portal. You can use either a Microsoft account or a work or school account to register an app.

Reviewer: We need to give actual instructions on how to do this. See the old Workplace Search docs: https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/workplace-search/current/workplace-search-sharepoint-online-connector.html#sharepoint-configuration

  - To configure an app to use the OAuth 2.0 authorization code grant flow, you'll need to save the following values when registering the app:
    - Client Id: `Application(client) ID` which you can find inside App registrations from azure portal
    - Client Secret: It is a `Value` which you need to create  form `Certificates and secrets` from azure portal
    - Tenant Id: Dedicated instance of azure AD  which you can find inside App registrations from azure portal
    - Tenant name: Name of domain

### SharePoint Online permissions required to run the connector:

   Refer to the following documentation for setting [SharePoint Permissions](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/solution-guidance/security-apponly-azureacs)

>    - To set `DisableCustomAppAuthentication` to false we need to connect to SharePoint using Windows PowerShell and then run set-spotenant -DisableCustomAppAuthentication $false

Reviewer: From the [above link](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/solution-guidance/security-apponly-azureacs) this seems like the wrong approach?

```
For new tenants, apps using an ACS app-only access token is disabled by default. We recommend using the Azure AD app-only model which is modern and more secure. But you can change the behavior by running 'set-spotenant -DisableCustomAppAuthentication $false' (needs the latest SharePoint admin PowerShell).
```

Why are we not using the "Azure AD app-only model (which is modern and more secure)"?

Reviewer: In fact, shouldn't we just be using the client credentials flow? https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-client-creds-grant-flow#get-a-token

Author: @seanstory I tried using `Azure AD app-only model` but sharepoint is returning to me this page every time:
![Screenshot (95)](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/125074214/235904718-40306b60-db2a-47a8-be4a-2e35a5e49180.png)

   - In azure portal > Azure Active Directory > App registrations > API permission
        - Click Add a permission
        - Click Microsoft Graph and complete the following steps:
            - Click Application permissions.
            - Select the User.Read permission.
        - After adding permission Grant admin consent for tenant_name    

>    - To assign full permissions to the tenant in SharePoint Online, in your browser, go to the tenant URL. For example, go to `https://<office_365_tenant_URL>/_layouts/15/appinv.aspx`. The SharePoint admin center page appears.

Reviewer: I hit an issue where I kept getting an error that only a tenant admin could trust this app.

![Screenshot 2023-05-02 at 11 12 22 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5288246/235727860-8b0bd38e-f873-4f54-8299-d422dfa82d9d.png)

I got around this following instructions from this [stack exchange post](https://sharepoint.stackexchange.com/a/280235/107970) which suggested using `https://[tenant]-admin.sharepoint.com/_layouts/15/appinv.aspx` (note the `-admin`) instead.

       - In the App ID box, enter the application ID that you recorded earlier, and then click Lookup.In the Title box, the name of the application appears.
       - In the App Domain box, type tenantname.onmicrosoft.com
       - In the App's Permission Request XML box, type the following XML string:
           ```
            <AppPermissionRequests AllowAppOnlyPolicy="true">
              <AppPermissionRequest Scope="http://sharepoint/content/tenant" Right="FullControl" />
              <AppPermissionRequest Scope="http://sharepoint/social/tenant" Right="Read" />
            </AppPermissionRequests>
            ```

### Objects to be indexed
  - Sites and Subsites
  - Lists
  - List Items and its attachment content
  - Document Libraries and its attachment content(include Web Pages HTML content)

> ### Setup and basic usage

Reviewer 2: @leemthompo suggested to use the official structure as discussed in [slack](https://elastic.slack.com/archives/C02AV5C8ZDE/p1680252430113829)

Should we maybe use "Configuration"  for this step?

Reviewer 3: I'd use the **Usage** heading here for this info. :)

Reviewer 3: Refer to the pattern in[ S3 connector docs](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/connectors-s3.html#connectors-s3-usage)

Reviewer 4: @akanshi-elastic could you please address @leemthompo comment?

  - `collection1`
  - `collection1, collection2`

##### `ssl_enabled`

Whether SSL verification will be enabled. Default value is `False`.

##### `ssl_ca`

Content of SSL certificate needed for SharePoint Online. 

Note: Keep this field empty, if `ssl_enabled` is set to `False`. Example certificate:

  - ```
    -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
    MIID+jCCAuKgAwIBAgIGAJJMzlxLMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMHoxCzAJBgNVBAYT
    ...
    AlVTMQwwCgYDVQQKEwNJQk0xFjAUBgNVBAsTDURlZmF1bHROb2RlMDExFjAUBgNV
    -----END CERTIFICATE-----
    ```

##### `retry_count`

The number of retry attempts after failed request to the SharePoint. Default value is `3`.

##### `enable_content_extraction`

Whether the connector should extract the content from SharePoint attachments. Default value is `True` i.e. the connector will try to extract file contents.

#### Content Extraction

The connector uses the Elastic ingest attachment processor plugin for extracting file contents. The ingest attachment processor extracts files by using the Apache text extraction library Tika. Supported file types eligible for extraction can be found as `TIKA_SUPPORTED_FILETYPES` in [utils.py](../connectors/utils.py) file.

> ### Connector Limitations

Reviewer 2: Let's follow the official doc format and split this in "Documents and syncs" and "Sync rules".

   - To understand how to set DisableCustomAppAuthentication refer the document: [SharePoint Set DisableCustomAppAuthentication](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/714147/token-type-is-not-allowed-error-on-sharepoint-rest#:~:text=Install%2DModule%20%2DName,spotenant%20%2DDisableCustomAppAuthentication%20%24false)

### Setup and basic usage

Complete the following steps to deploy the connector:

1. [Gather SharePoint details](#gather-sharepoint-details)
2. [Configure SharePoint connector](#configure-sharepoint-connector)

#### Gather SharePoint details

Collect the information that is required to connect to your SharePoint instance:

- The server host url where the SharePoint is hosted
- Username for SharePoint Server
- Password for SharePoint Server
- Client Id for SharePoint Online
- Secret Id for SharePoint Online
- Tenant Name for SharePoint Online
- Tenant Id for SharePoint Online
- SSL certificate for a secure connection

#### Configure SharePoint connector

The following configuration fields need to be provided for setting up the connector:

##### `is_cloud`

> Flag to determine the SharePoint platform type. `True` if SharePoint cloud and `False` if SharePoint Server. Default value is `False`.

Reviewer 5: Should we use 'on premise' instead of 'server'?

Author: we have used  SharePoint server  instead of on premise because official documents refers it  with**Server**, But if you want we can change this.
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/sharepoint-server

Reviewer 5: No worries, sounds good to me 👍

##### `username`

The username of the account for SharePoint Server. Default value is `demo_user`.

##### `password`

The password of the account to be used for the SharePoint Server. Default value is `abc@123`.

##### `client_id`

The client id to authenticate with SharePoint online.

##### `secret_id`

The secret id to authenticate with SharePoint online.

##### `tenant`

The tenant name to authenticate with SharePoint online.

##### `tenant_id`

The tenant id to authenticate with SharePoint online.

##### `host_url`

The server host url where the SharePoint is hosted. Default value is `http://127.0.0.1:8491`. Examples:

  - `https://192.158.1.38:8080`
  - `https://test_user.sharepoint.com`

##### `site_collections`

> The site collection to fetch sites from SharePoint. Default value is `collection1`. Examples:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The site collections to fetch sites from SharePoint. Default value is `collection1`. Examples:
```

  - `collection1`
  - `collection1, collection2`

##### `ssl_enabled`

Whether SSL verification will be enabled. Default value is `False`.

##### `ssl_ca`

Content of SSL certificate. 

> Note: In case of ssl_enabled is `False`, keep `ssl_ca` field empty. Example certificate:

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Note: Keep `ssl_ca` field empty, if `ssl_enabled` is `False`. Example certificate:
```

  - ```
    -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
    MIID+jCCAuKgAwIBAgIGAJJMzlxLMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMHoxCzAJBgNVBAYT
    ...
    AlVTMQwwCgYDVQQKEwNJQk0xFjAUBgNVBAsTDURlZmF1bHROb2RlMDExFjAUBgNV
    -----END CERTIFICATE-----
    ```

##### `retry_count`

The number of retry attempts after failed request to the SharePoint. Default value is `3`.

##### `enable_content_extraction`

> Whether the connector should extract the content from SharePoint attachment. Default value is `True` i.e. the connector will try to extract file contents.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Whether the connector should extract the content from SharePoint attachments. Default value is `True` i.e. the connector will try to extract file contents.
```

ℹ️ The e2e test uses default values defined in [Configure Microsoft SQL connector](#configure-microsoft-sql-connector)

## SharePoint Connector

The [Elastic SharePoint connector](../connectors/sources/sharepoint.py) is provided in the Elastic connectors python framework and can be used via [build a connector](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/build-connector.html).

### Availability and prerequisites

⚠️ _Currently, this connector is available in **beta** starting in 8.8_.
Features in beta are subject to change and are not covered by the service level agreement (SLA) of features that have reached general availability (GA).

Elastic versions 8.6.0+ are compatible with Elastic connector frameworks. Your deployment must include the Elasticsearch, Kibana, and Enterprise Search services.

> 

Reviewer 3: We also need to make it clear what versions of SharePoint the connector is compatible with.

Reviewer 6: +1 

I don't think SharePoint Online has versioning?  It will be helpful to clarify if this is a connector only for Online, or if it can be used for SharePoint Server/Office365.

Additionally, it will be helpful to provide some information on what object types/entities are supported by the SharePoint connector.

Reviewer 4: @leemthompo @ppf2 Let me know if I can resolve this conversation (there sharepoint server versions are listed bellow)

> SharePoint Online permissions required to run the connector:

Reviewer 3: We can be more explicit about what exact permissions are required, here we're just linking to two distinct pages (a third-party tutorial and a Q&A thread).

>    - Refer the document to understand the complete process of setting [SharePoint Permissions](https://documentation.commvault.com/v11/essential/128616_registering_azure_app_for_sharepoint_online.html)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - Refer to the following documentation for setting [SharePoint Permissions](https://documentation.commvault.com/v11/essential/128616_registering_azure_app_for_sharepoint_online.html)
```

Rewording.

Perhaps a link to _official_ documentation would be better?

Reviewer: +100. I have no idea what commvault is, but that's not a Microsoft domain AFAICT.

>    - To understand how to set DisableCustomAppAuthentication refer the document: [SharePoint Set DisableCustomAppAuthentication](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/714147/token-type-is-not-allowed-error-on-sharepoint-rest#:~:text=Install%2DModule%20%2DName,spotenant%20%2DDisableCustomAppAuthentication%20%24false)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - To understand how to set `DisableCustomAppAuthentication` refer to the [official documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/answers/questions/714147/token-type-is-not-allowed-error-on-sharepoint-rest#:~:text=Install%2DModule%20%2DName,spotenant%20%2DDisableCustomAppAuthentication%20%24false)
```

Rewording.

Again, would it be better to link to https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/dev/solution-guidance/security-apponly-azureacs, rather than a Q&A comment thread?

### Setup and basic usage

Complete the following steps to deploy the connector:

1. [Gather SharePoint details](#gather-sharepoint-details)
2. [Configure SharePoint connector](#configure-sharepoint-connector)

#### Gather SharePoint details

Collect the information that is required to connect to your SharePoint instance:

- The server host url where the SharePoint is hosted
- Username for SharePoint Server
- Password for SharePoint Server
- Client Id for SharePoint Online

> - Secret Id for SharePoint Online

Reviewer 6: I think "Client Secret" is the appropriate name for this.

> - Secret Id for SharePoint Online

Reviewer 2: @tarekziade was also mentioning that Client secret id should be instead client secret _value_

- Tenant Name for SharePoint Online

> - Tenant Id for SharePoint Online

Reviewer 7: Do we want to provide additional information on where to get this information?

Reviewer 3: ++

Author: Will add a section for how to setup a administrator account for SharePoint online and explain all the keys there.

Reviewer 4: @akanshi-elastic would be good if you add a reference to the setting admin account section.

- SSL certificate for a secure connection

#### Configure SharePoint connector

The following configuration fields need to be provided for setting up the connector:

##### `is_cloud`

Flag to determine the SharePoint platform type. `True` if SharePoint cloud and `False` if SharePoint Server. Default value is `False`.

##### `username`

> The username of the account for SharePoint Server. Default value is `demo_user`.

Reviewer 3: For all these configs we should have a note at the start saying that default values are for E2E testing purposes only

Reviewer 6: For user and password descriptions, we may want to explicitly state that these settings do not apply for SharePoint Online in case they are confused.

Also, for all the settings with "SharePoint online", let's update with the right casing, i.e. "SharePoint Online" :)

##### `password`

The password of the account to be used for the SharePoint Server. Default value is `abc@123`.

##### `client_id`

The client id to authenticate with SharePoint online.

##### `secret_id`

The secret id to authenticate with SharePoint online.

##### `tenant`

The tenant name to authenticate with SharePoint online.

##### `tenant_id`

The tenant id to authenticate with SharePoint online.

##### `host_url`

The server host url where the SharePoint is hosted. Default value is `http://127.0.0.1:8491`. Examples:

  - `https://192.158.1.38:8080`
  - `https://test_user.sharepoint.com`

##### `site_collections`

> The site collections to fetch sites from SharePoint. Default value is `collection1`. Examples:

Reviewer 3: Comma-separated list?

Author: yes, There can be multiple collections for which we fetch the sites and its metadata. The default value setting here is `collection1` but we can also pass comma separated collection. example is also added for that.

Reviewer 3: OK then make sure to make it explicit in the description that this accepts a comma-separated list. The default value is not very helpful to users, apart from testing purposes.

> The site collections to fetch sites from SharePoint. Default value is `collection1`. Examples:

Reviewer 6: Will we fetch everything under these site collections? All lists, all subsites, all pages, all folders, all attachments, etc.. Will be helpful elaborate here.

Author: Will add a specific section for this

  - `collection1`
  - `collection1, collection2`

##### `ssl_enabled`

Whether SSL verification will be enabled. Default value is `False`.

##### `ssl_ca`

Content of SSL certificate. 

> Note: Keep `ssl_ca` field empty, if `ssl_enabled` is `False`. Example certificate:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note: Keep this field empty, if `ssl_enabled` is set to `False`. Example certificate:
```

Reviewer 6: Do these settings only apply if they are running SharePoint Server on-premise?    Do they still need to explicitly enable SSL and specify a CA cert bundle when connecting to SharePoint Online?

Author: Yes, these settings  are only for SharePoint Server.

Reviewer 3: Again if this is relevant info, then it needs to be explicit here.

##### `enable_content_extraction`

Whether the connector should extract the content from SharePoint attachments. Default value is `True` i.e. the connector will try to extract file contents.

#### Content Extraction

The connector uses the Elastic ingest attachment processor plugin for extracting file contents. The ingest attachment processor extracts files by using the Apache text extraction library Tika. Supported file types eligible for extraction can be found as `TIKA_SUPPORTED_FILETYPES` in [utils.py](../connectors/utils.py) file.

### Connector Limitations

- Files bigger than 10 MB won't be extracted.
- Permissions are not synced. **All documents** indexed to an Elastic deployment will be visible to **all users with access** to that Elastic Deployment.
- Filtering rules are not available in the present version. Currently filtering is controlled via ingest pipelines.

### E2E Tests

The framework provides a way to test ingestion through a connector against a real data source. This is called a functional test. To execute a functional test for the SharePoint connector, run the following command:
```shell
$ make ftest NAME=sharepoint
```

> ℹ️ Users can generate the perf8 report using an argument i.e. `PERF8=True`. Users can also mention the size of the data to be tested for E2E test amongst SMALL, MEDIUM and LARGE by setting up an argument `DATA_SIZE=SMALL`. By Default, it is set to `MEDIUM`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ℹ️ Users can generate the [perf8](https://github.com/elastic/perf8) report using an argument i.e. `PERF8=True`. Users can also mention the size of the data to be tested for E2E test amongst SMALL, MEDIUM and LARGE by setting up an argument `DATA_SIZE=SMALL`. By Default, it is set to `MEDIUM`.
```

Maybe this link is helpful? :)

The server host url where the SharePoint is hosted. Default value is `http://127.0.0.1:8491`. Examples:

  - `https://192.158.1.38:8080`
  - `https://test_user.sharepoint.com`

##### `site_collections`

The site collections to fetch sites from SharePoint(allow comma seprated collections also). Default value is `collection1`. Examples:
  - `collection1`
  - `collection1, collection2`

##### `ssl_enabled`

Whether SSL verification will be enabled. Default value is `False`.

##### `ssl_ca`

Content of SSL certificate needed for SharePoint Online. 

Note: Keep this field empty, if `ssl_enabled` is set to `False`. Example certificate:

  - ```
    -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
    MIID+jCCAuKgAwIBAgIGAJJMzlxLMA0GCSqGSIb3DQEBCwUAMHoxCzAJBgNVBAYT
    ...
    AlVTMQwwCgYDVQQKEwNJQk0xFjAUBgNVBAsTDURlZmF1bHROb2RlMDExFjAUBgNV
    -----END CERTIFICATE-----
    ```

##### `retry_count`

The number of retry attempts after failed request to the SharePoint. Default value is `3`.

##### `enable_content_extraction`

Whether the connector should extract the content from SharePoint attachments. Default value is `True` i.e. the connector will try to extract file contents.

#### Content Extraction

> The connector uses the Elastic ingest attachment processor plugin for extracting file contents. The ingest attachment processor extracts files by using the Apache text extraction library Tika. Supported file types eligible for extraction can be found as `TIKA_SUPPORTED_FILETYPES` in [utils.py](../connectors/utils.py) file.

Reviewer: We could link to https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/enterprise-search/current/ingest-pipelines.html from this section.

### Connector Limitations

- Files bigger than 10 MB won't be extracted.

> - Permissions are not synced. **All documents** indexed to an Elastic deployment will be visible to **all users with access** to that Elastic Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Permissions are not synced. **All documents** indexed to an Elastic deployment will be visible to **all users with access** to that Elasticsearch Index.
```
